holy win Oh give you guys here that
looks like it's kind of hopping in the
sky hello all right super park kind of
windy it's kind of super it's pretty
crazy looking super wind fest park let's
check it out check it out
I opened up in the store p
for tornado
it's just like you
it's just like me
was common doubt your cloud
well I was smoking drugs
it's just lucky
it's just like me
it's just like you
alright that's it for another year the
snowboard round season 3 this episode
100 movies in three years with the
snowboard realms name pretty stoked just
want to thank all our sponsors and
everybody who came out and rode with us
and this is for an amazing year we had a
lot of fun make sure you check out Leo
and I are we're making an edit of super
park for snowboarder mag just this
little contest so check it out vote for
our video also we did a bunch of
contests about winning boards and
winning some DVDs check the post on the
snow would rom-com at this video and you
see her name there you wanna board
congratulations new stair master from
capita oh yeah Nicholas killed it see
more shots of him in the snowboarder
video and well
have a great summer everybody peace out
bag